The process of data is as follows: The "HEALTH_STAT total.csv" dataset which was used comprises "Country", "Year", "Variable", "Value" columns. There is data for 15 different countries within the dataset, mostly in Europe. Data report is annual, and comprises 11 years (2010 to 2020). Within "Variable" column, there is the name of morbidity/cause of death indicated, and this column includes 48 rows. "Value" indicates the absolute values of death reports (Y). A column of "population" has been added, which comprises the population of each countries for the following year. Also, I added a new binary feature to the data "Comorbidity", which is 1 for 2020 and 0 for other prior years. This feature indicates if comorbidity with COVID-19 happened or not. In order to omit the influence of the population difference of each country on the "Value", the ratio of Value/population was calculated (Y'). Thereafter, in order to be able to sort all counties' data based on each of the morbidities and compare them, I applied z-score normalization to the Value/population ration and named the new column "Normalized Values pop" as (Y''). I generated a table under the name "15.All_Countries.csv" comprising a "Country", "Year","Variable","Value","population","comorbidity","value_population_ratio","Normalized Values pop".


Thereafter, I sorted and assigned each morbidity's data into a variable under the name of "diseases". Then, I applied a linear regression model using independent variable as "Comorbidity" feature, and dependent variable as "Normalized Values pop". 
